what's up guys met here episode 8 of
rural quadfeed started this one a bit
late but who cares I am cool I can do
that are no fast no no don't do this to
me don't don't do this to me fash come
on baby no oh oh yes while in while in
my son you are now my son anyways loving
loving the map loving the game type one
of my favorites as I said in a previous
episode Oh fasci boob flips a silly
woman huh come on ah thanks flash thanks
thanks a bunch you make me cry I just
like too late now
that seems to be the thing with people
who are given to every softeners decides
to kill it so oh god sake Barrett mode
is on let's go Dave let's do this Oh lag
who cares about lag and still get clips
in lag it's possible it's been done
before Oh ladder shot warrior come on
plus 40 plus boy oh god what's he doing
how long Oh general Donnelly 17.8 boys
last time for fash God next Thomas feet
to you're going down glad so I did that
you're in the laughing hahaha ok I'm
gonna let you guys in Oh Kyle my cousin
lalala anyway gonna let you guys in on
secret here my little bounce i found
fail it downey dude hello again we meet
again downey dude
anyways I'll for God's sake bounce is
smexy but I can't hit it and then keep
trying it so I had it this might be bad
episode don't hit this time I'll stop
okay stop
at least we're winning winning like
Charlie Sheen hehe
lots of people around here lots of sales
around here
go on lad go on lad I'll stop spamming
me it's important times ah no
god this quad seats getting close ok
Carl I'm gonna hurt you in a minute I'm
going to hurt you a lot Harvick warrior
for our
Oh fast you idiot hahaha I hope you
watch this fast I hope you die in shame
I can't hit bounces today bad kid is bad
well bang fail- go for this won't kill
again whereabouts they wanting to on
over here spear this bit on
this bit
god my aim is bad okay lockout vehicles
again let's do this come on God's sake
oh this is gonna be over any minute I
don't want you to be over makes me sad
the flow get team deathmatch in there so
I can record another one it's gonna be
my rule if I get oh yeah ah could have
done it anyway oh well let's see what
will get next
that just slipped up
let's tell Kyle a message or scam type
can't see Artie q so he gets the message
what it means domination skip it skip it
skip it skip it skip it skip it skip it
skip it skip it oh come on our script
doesn't look like it's going to be
skipped this is the end of episode eight
if I'm wrong at seven